what's good you two you know who it is
Chris Jones represent physiques of
greatness and right now guys I'm about
to get ready to go to Vince house as you
see I got my Tiger Fitness v-neck own
shoutouts the type of fitness my boy
love my club liner always looking out
for a player
anyway I'm packing my meals I'm about to
go to Ben's house that's chicken and
rice you know good old-fashioned bro
meals you know thank you my shit bout to
go see bitch
kind of the middle that's cool peanut
butter right here it's in bit of
frigerator so hard as fuck got weight
protein oatmeal once I put water in it
heated up the peanut butter is gonna
mellow anyway but this is not about my
fucking meals this is really an
announcement I'm starting a new segment
guys a new segment I'm getting a lot of
questions a lot of questions and yeah
pretty much you want to know what am i
eating during my book meal by meal y'all
want to know what am i eating meal by
meal okay and pretty much once every two
weeks or so I'm gonna make a meal I'm
gonna make a video where I take you
throughout my whole day and show you
what I eat meal by meal for all y'all
that are interested in what I'm eating
but let me give you a fair warning keep
this shit in mind I'm a fucking bro and
I'm proud of it goddamn it I'm not
trying to change for now one of you
motherfuckers okay so with that said I
eat my five meals a day every day unless
is a Qi Dan some shit like that I eat
five minutes a day and I'm proud of it
and
I try to change for nobody so alright
here we talk haven't go somewhere you
know so keep that in mind
alright also keep in mind I'm not
dieting I'm bulking with that said I'm
not doing a whole bunch of macro County
I'm not doing a whole bunch of measuring
I'm using common goddamn sense okay you
know I leave you use this hardly you
know I mean I use it occasionally to
weigh my meats for protein purposes but
I'm not anal about the macros so I'm
using estimate I'm estimating the amount
of macros I'm getting now if I somehow
reach the fucking Pro - meaning if by
some crazy reason I'm not gaining any
more weight like if I weighed myself ten
days from now and the scale does not
budge then yes I will start counting my
macros but right now I'm not really kind
of macro using common goddamn since I've
been doing this a long time I know how
to gain weight I know how to fuck
alright so keep those two things in mind
I'm a fucking bro I eat about five mils
a day and I'm not doing a whole bunch of
macro County so when you see a video
titled I think I might toilet a day of
eating episode one if you see something
like that a day of eating episode one
that's and shit like that you know what
it is it's gonna be a day of my meals so
y'all stay tuned for that and be on the
lookout and most of all don't forget the
light my shit real tongue you know me
and if you really got love for Chris
Jones if you're really got a little
ain't talking about the fake love the
real love share my video timer time help
a player grow to the top baby anyway I'm
out